.TH "UNHIDE-TCP" "8" "May 2024" "Administration commands"
.SH "NAME"
unhide-tcp \(em forensic tool to find hidden TCP/UDP ports
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBunhide-tcp [options]\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBunhide-tcp\fR is a forensic tool that identifies TCP/UDP
ports that are listening but are not listed by /sbin/ss (or
alternatively by /bin/netstat) through brute forcing of all 
TCP/UDP ports available.
.br
Note1 : On FreeBSD ans OpenBSD, netstat is always used as iproute2 doesn't exist
on these OS. In addition, on FreeBSD, sockstat is used instead of fuser.
Note2 : If iproute2 is not available on the system, option \-n or \-s SHOULD be
given on the command line.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-h \-\-help\fR
Display help
.TP
\fB\-\-brief\fR
Don't display warning messages, that's the default behavior.
.TP
\fB\-f \-\-fuser\fR
Display fuser output (if available) for the hidden port
On FreeBSD, instead of fuser command, displays the output of the sockstat command for the hidden port.
.TP
\fB\-l \-\-lsof\fR
Display lsof output (if available) for the hidden port
.TP
\fB\-n \-\-netstat\fR
Use /bin/netstat instead of /sbin/ss. On system with many opened ports, this can
slow down the test dramatically.
.TP
\fB\-s \-\-server\fR
Use a very quick strategy of scanning. On system with a lot of opened ports,
it is hundreds times faster than ss method and ten thousands times faster than
netstat method.
.TP
\fB\-o \-\-log\fR
Write a log file (unhide-tcp-AAAA-MM-DD.log) in the current directory.
.TP
\fB\-V \-\-version\fR
Show version and exit
.TP
\fB\-v \-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose, display warning message (default : don't display).
This option may be repeated more than once.
.PP
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if no hidden port is found,
.TP
4
if one or more hidden TCP port(s) is(are) found,
.TP
8
if one or more hidden UDP port(s) is(are) found,
.TP
12
if one or more hidden TCP and UDP ports are found.
.PP
.SH "BUGS"
.PP
Report \fBunhide-tcp\fR bugs on the bug tracker on GitHub (https://github.com/YJesus/Unhide/issues)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
unhide (8).
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was written by Francois Marier (francois@debian.org) and Patrick Gouin (patrickg.github@free.fr).
.br
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH LICENSE
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
